Let you die on the Martial God Platform today
Kill
You've lived a good life
The Inferior Cultivation Technique of the Seven Kills Extinction Martial God Platform
Learned from the 7 killing moves on the chessboard
Although martial arts are tricky and spicy
But it's also full of loopholes
You long history
Incompetent?
Cut the crap and remember
One kill octagonal horse kill
gunshot
The company
Ah, that's slow.
You continue to kill at the iron gate
Ah, wow.
Oh.
flat top kill
Ahhh
Third son girlfriend
Uh-huh.
Fight together
Seven moves have passed the five good
Absolutely impossible
Baiyun find
If you hit someone, you keep hitting them.
I'm going to die.
Can't die